you
little Battlefield games I just avoided
called we played I think baby back back
then you had monomer Medal of Honor
allied assault and I'll fill that in 42
and called it he won all the same time
yeah that's great let's go they ran out
of more games see where my going and
then I have all the battlefield games
and I like a battlefield 3 and I regret
it yeah battlefield 3 is breathing
disappointment okay here we go still
want my lantern house oh hello you guys
want to play some battlefield Micah for
you - there's lots of servers still on I
bet it's funny ya know Isis picture
picture I've described it to me
it's picture of an ad for Borderlands 2
in the Walmart want something that
channel it's censored link do I dog I'm
going drive it to me this centers up the
bandits hands you know like when I'm
very sure
hang on so where where's that there's a
great stuff coming from then if you
didn't shoot himself he's just having an
aneurysm Navy
oh maybe maybe it's the guys at top that
are pointing the guns at his head
look at me I'm almost at top of Mount
Doom don't fall into lava I'll have you
the worst wouldn't it oh that would be
the worst I don't get shot by the round
I'm around I never even knew that was a
thing because I always get past it
sometimes we don't run fast enough like
I'm always noticed it but always stopped
before a registered so I wasn't really
sure what it was yeah I didn't know that
watching it actually shut before I even
got past it I always thought wait a
second is that wall moving so I'd stop
and turn around look it's not I'm like
it's just my imagination and I think
that every single time yeah I move so
fast when you're looking forward holy
shit yeah every tat like I have enough
heard three times and every time I turn
around and look I'm like what did that
movie really fast you get mendel and I
had to jump than I I'm looking it's not
moving it's like I guess I'm just bad
new things I gotta wait for this now you
gotta let him punch you when you have
some the lover I'll let him punch me
don't worry
then you're gonna look up look up for
the racks up to the heavens for Gandalf
and oh man
Gandalf the gun he's doing that he's
doing it he is he's doing it he's run to
the lava Wow so he didn't he did it now
what now look up to the heavens great
hello there yeah there's some red chests
I'll be falling it was cut yeah they're
falling from the sky and see what I got
this is worse than a golden key with all
the purples well the problem is - purple
smg's when we go green zone play I don't
know is it worth it no here's a less
final chest already open the circle - I
have enough room at his weapons I don't
even care wow that was was it thrilling
it was a thrilling journey it's really
it's about the journey right